Scrape the Past is an online digital history tool written in React, available at [www.scrapethepast.com](https://www.scrapethepast.com). Scrape the Past brings together a number of different interface tools to allow for the compilation, manipulation, and analysis of textual data. Documents can be uploaded in the form of images or text files, at which point they are geocoded and visualized. A number of map controls and overrides can be implemented to allow for data cleaning, as well as facilitating different kinds of historical questions about the documents. This extremely accessible set of tools has the potential to bring a broad set of archival documents into consideration for the first time, despite asymmetric archival practices in making them available.

Scrape the Past is accompanied by an in-window, long-form tutorial, which also serves as an example of the kind of historical analysis that the tool can facilitate. The tutorial shows how one can bring historical context into conversation with quantitative data and encourages the responsible use of the tool. The tutorial is supported by sample data downloaded directly from the Library of Congress Chronicling America archive, and contextualized and qualitatively analyzed in depth, alongside quantitative analysis. Its interspersing of accessible historical analysis, meta-analysis of the tool and methodology, and concrete how-to style instructions that produces accompanying examples make it useful both to an interested educated audience, similar to a museum exhibit, and an academic audience interested in learning how to use the tool for self-directed research.

To run Scrape the Past for yourself, simply run the 'npm start' command from the main directory.
